---
layout: '@layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
title: About Me
---

I'm an avid technologist who's always learning. I've been working on and learning computers starting at the young age of 6 years old in kindegarten. I've grown through many technology waves since then from Windows 95 until present. From old computers, to cell phones, to video game consoles, I've always been interested in how they work and how I can use it. This interest only grew as I got older and the passion for learning everything I could about technology carries with me today from when I was just a kid.

The spark of passion for technology was instilled in me very early. When I was growing up, I didn't have the internet unlike a lot of my friends. I grew up on the hand-me-down computer of the operating system that was always one behind and the console or phone that was already obsolete. This "always behind" life I grew up in would be the start of my desire to learn and be on the "bleeding edge" as I got older.

I started to actually learn how technology and the way things worked around 10 years old on my Windows XP. This started as my desire to look at the parts of a computer and what was in this "magic box." I remember the first time pulled the cover off of my PC and my mother lost her mind thinking I was going to break this "new" computer. This soon grew even further by my introduction to video games. Diablo 2 I found myself playing countless hours and very quickly took over most of my free time. Being a single child, in very rural missouri with no internet or task to keep my very busy mind at bay, I plunged deep into video games. I very quickly was modding the game and modify the source code very strategically attempting to adjust seemingly random values making changes to my character. Unknowningly to me, this was my first self taught experience with technology that started the fundamental problem solving process I still use to this day.

As my life with video games goes on, I attended my first "LAN Party" in my freshman year of highschool. Here, all of my fellow gaming friends brought over their computers and I built my own LAN using a switch one of them acquired from their Computer Information Systems class. This was the start of my passion for networking.

I go onto my junior year in highschool and take the Computer Information Systems class where the structure is broken into 2 parts. Juniors take the Computer and Systems circirulum and the seniors take the networking ciriculum. I also enlisted in the United States Army National Guard where I was diagnosed with colorblindness and found out at MEPS I couldn't do IT for the military. In this year, I learn how to build a computer from it's components, build a server and setup a working enterprise environment with Windows 7 at the time and Windows Server 2008. We studied Testout PC Pro the junior year and Testout Network Pro the senior year. My senior year was really where my career in technology started. I was working for my school district job shadowing our IT department doing tickets, and working projects while at school and after school I worked full time for my teacher who ran an IT consulting business. In my down time, myself and 3 of my classmates started our own IT consulting firm. Which was more successful than I could have imagined for a group of highschool kids. Our one pitfall was that no business trusted a 17 to 18 year old group of kids with the technology that made their business run. None of us could grow a beard, none of us had the social skills to sell an MSPs service. We sure tried though.

Post highschool, I get hired on full time by the school district while still doing consulting for my former CIS teacher over the summer while I wait to do my job training with the military as a military police officer. I attend colledge in January, 2016 majoring in Computer Information Systems - Networking. Toward the end of semester, I start looking for a summer job in IT, where I determined that most jobs treat experience equivelent to 4 year degree and it was at this point where I make a very pivotal decsion in my life. I get a job offer in my local town to be a systems administrator for CISC. I work this job for a few months until the owner approaches me about an opportunity. He's presented with the option to startup an ISP. The problem, he doesn't know anyone with the networking skill set at the time. This is when he brings me into the conversation about this new company he is starting up, Rocket Connect. An ISP built around delivering internet wirelessly to rural areas of missouri.